what is up guys
pitch warm artistic back with a new
series of you known as nun eyes buried
treasure or a bunch of other words that
I'm not even going to pronounce I'm just
gonna call it none of us marry treasure
and the title will say its original name
um there wasn't hardcore much to this
episode it was just the introduction of
characters the introduction of the story
everything like that um pretty much the
beginning of it you we see some people
running through like I guess this cavern
or something like that
or going into this cave and shit and
then it flashes over sides and I'm
pretty sure that's just you know images
from the future what's gonna happen
later on in some episodes
oh but episode starts off with our main
character Yama juco Jun go would you go
yeah would you go um we find out that he
had been exiled from his house and
everything like that so he's finally
getting to live on his own he's
transferring to a new school and um
everything like that so he gets to his
apartment complex he's getting to talk
with the manager who is mabashi ki she
explains to me you know she's like you
know the realtor did tell you all the
details about everything that goes on
here
um about it's either 500 yen a month or
if you pay out the full year you get no
refunds at all and you know he's like
yes I understand everything so you know
she takes him up to his room and stuff
and um that's then when he finds out
that there's a fucking ghost in his room
named Ryu Kagome no no I'm just gonna
calling no no no no no no no no no
that's the only fun to say trap just
fucking series no no no no no no no
but um hey you know it's it it fucks him
up first he's like what fuck is this you
should know when later and she's like
nobody has live here that's ghost it's
like and um you know I kind of fucked
him up first and uh eventually she's
like so we're gonna wrestle or fight to
see who's gonna um vide King this room
since you know I'm bound here but if you
win you know I'll be your uh in like
pretend girlfriend and of course he was
like oh she and stuff um pretty much
senior enough win it um and then you
know school starts um and he's greeted
by the class president apparently she
has a thing for him because her name is
before I forget uh you McGee Eureka um
you McGee apparently somewhat has maybe
to crush on her she's like you know
you're cute you know kind of freaks out
she like you're a troublemaker and runs
away poor you know she can tell him that
he's attractive again um then just after
that it mainly just focused around um
nothing I in Yama the house pretty much
we just see how it's affecting his life
not in the best of ways and then he
sides he wants to go to the bathroom and
his phone I guess he was thinking that
his phone maybe wasn't going to work or
something but it worked
and um while he was in the bathroom
after a certain amount of time all of a
sudden some secret compartment opened up
and there was a book in there and it
pretty much told everything about not
enough and everything that he needed to
know about her to make her happy to do
all this stuff to make living with her
easier and apparently was written by her
best friend who don't want no no not to
be lonely anymore and that's where he
learned about what all kind of pudding
she liked about not
collection and stuff like that and so he
starts trying to be research on it at
the school and he finds out that um a
burro miss cheeky hmm do the one who
owns the apartment used to be you know
not enough or was not a nice frame which
he was a lot still is but um was in the
little group Witter and I'm come to find
out that it was it was pretty much about
an island that help younger people have
you know with their dreams and stuff
like that and um it was like some D bash
hit one the makeup that I think they're
pretty much just trying to make their
own little island or own little place
where you know they could go where
people go to follow their dreams to make
life a little bit easier and that's
where you found out about not a nice
treasures that are like throughout the
island hit that nobody knows what she
died nobody knew what a rat it's like
billions and trillions of dollars were
at the end and um you know I'm guessing
it's piqued his interest cuz the way he
looked he was like boy you know picked
his interest cuz she was like seems like
a dream don't need to have this much and
you know she shows you know chic he
shows him pictures of just like them
chillin with a bunch of treasure and
stuff like that and then all of a sudden
it switches over to DS P this person
jumping off a roof just do just standing
off looking like he's in somewhat of
like a grassy field by sewer and then
some girl around a police scene and it's
like the thief the thief struck again
blah then this girl pops up one of the
thing and she's like I'm a master
detective and it's like what fuck ever
but it didn't give us names alike the
thieves and I just said something would
a.m. I guess that's their clique name I
should probably lower down but I was
like I'll know their names here in a
minute but I think they're probably
going after the treasures I think that's
what they're doing but
pretty but this is just the introduction
episode um but it was still really good
it's set up for a good story pretty much
I think the story is going to be wrong
around June though trying to find the
treasures to help build this island or
build this place where that nun and I
wanted it and then to help her move on I
think that's what it's gonna kind of be
about so I mean it's going to be
interesting to see because one fine of
the treasures is gonna be one fun thing
but if he's gonna help her move on he's
got to try to find the killer that
killed her and there's no telling if
he's even there anymore if he's even
alive or what so it'll be interesting to
see what goes on and what they really
you know plan on doing with this but
first episode is definitely interesting
to definitely grab your attention so go
check it out guys let me know what y'all
think and that is good for now so make
sure to hit that like craving and share
button help you out if you're new man
subjoined a family thing leave a comment
below let me know what part of the
family yo from what kind of stuff you
guys like to do it's be fam
representative or from a microphone
subunit saying you guys you get a chance
check out the music y'all know where to
hit me up and until next time
tags are presented baby peace out much
love Martis t'k yeah